README.md, before:

# Scratch for Arduino Uno Q

> Arduino UNO Q + Scratch = ❤️

## Description

Scratch for Arduino UNO Q is an Arduino App that runs Scratch directly on the board to control physical world (e.g., LEDs, buttons, and Arduino Modulino) with optional AI model integration.
Accessible from any device via a browser, it makes coding, electronics, and AI hands-on and easy to explore.

![Scratch for Arduion UNO Q](./doc/scratch-unoq.png)

## Installation

- Open a terminal inside the UNO Q board (you can also use the [adb](https://docs.arduino.cc/software/app-lab/tutorials/cli/) tool)
- Copy and paste the following command into the terminal to install the latest `scratch-arduino-app`:

```
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dido18/scratch-arduino-app/main/install.sh | bash
```

- Open the Scratch interface at the `https://<IP_OR_BOARD_NAME>:7000` address.

NOTE: the `https` is needed by the `getUserMedia()` method for security reason.

## Local development

- `task scratch:init`
- `task scratch:local:start`
- `ŧask board:upload`
- change the `const DEFAULT_HOST =`<YOUR_IP|BOARD_NAME>`;` in the `scratch-arduino-extensions/packages/scratch-vm/src/extensions/ArduinoUnoQ.js`
- Open local scratch on http://localhost:8601/

Commit message:

feat: update README and Taskfile for improved local development instructions and fix Arduino board connection handling

README.md, after:

# Scratch for Arduino Uno Q

> Arduino UNO Q + Scratch = ❤️

## Description

Scratch for Arduino UNO Q is an Arduino App that runs Scratch directly on the board to control physical world (e.g., LEDs, buttons, and Arduino Modulino) with optional AI model integration.
Accessible from any device via a browser, it makes coding, electronics, and AI hands-on and easy to explore.

![Scratch for Arduion UNO Q](./doc/scratch-unoq.png)

## Installation

- Open a terminal inside the UNO Q board (you can also use the [adb](https://docs.arduino.cc/software/app-lab/tutorials/cli/) tool)
- Copy and paste the following command into the terminal to install the latest `scratch-arduino-app`:

```
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dido18/scratch-arduino-app/main/install.sh | bash
```

- Open the Scratch interface at the `https://<IP_OR_BOARD_NAME>:7000` address.

NOTE: the `https` is needed by the `getUserMedia()` method for security reason.

## Local development

- `task scratch:init`
- `task scratch:watch` watch scratch GUI files and reload on save
- Open the `http://localhost:8602?host=BOARD_IP`
- `task watch` watch files changes for both python and sketch, and upload the changes to the board and restart"


For testing on the board
- `ŧask app:build`
- `task board:app:upload`
